Update name to Declarative Automation Bundles (#148)
databricks/bundle-examples: knowledge_base/development_cluster/README.md

# Development cluster

> This example demonstrates how to define and use a development (all-purpose) cluster in a Declarative Automation Bundle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Declarative Automation Bundles example demonstrates how to define and use a development (all-purpose) cluster.
```
